README.md, before:

## About
This repository mainly collects good articles from [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com). I use this repo to keep original articles and Chinese translations both in markdown format.

## Article filename convention
- PartI:    added date
- PartII:   title
- PartIII:  author
- PartVI:   language

For example: 20180905-how-to-teach-yourself-hard-things-en-by-julia-evans

Here **20180905** is date, **How to teach yourself hard things** is title, **Julia Evans** is author's name, and **en** is language in English. 

## Log
- 20180918: [Why numbering should start at zero (English Version)](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/EWD/transcriptions/EWD08xx/EWD831.html).
- 20180909: [Productivity By Sam Altman (English Version)](http://blog.samaltman.com/productivity).
- 20180909: [The days are long but the decades are short (English Version)](https://blog.samaltman.com/the-days-are-long-but-the-decades-are-short).
- 20180905: [How to teach yourself hard things By Julia Evans (English Version)](https://jvns.ca/blog/2018/09/01/learning-skills-you-can-practice/).

Commit message:

translate to Chinese: Why numbering should start at zero

README.md, after:

## About
This repository mainly collects good articles from [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com). I use this repo to keep original articles and Chinese translations both in markdown format.

## Article filename convention
- PartI:    added date
- PartII:   title
- PartIII:  language
- PartIV:   author

For example: 20180905-how-to-teach-yourself-hard-things-en-by-julia-evans

Here **20180905** is date, **How to teach yourself hard things** is article title, **en** is language in English, and **Julia Evans** is author's name. 

## Log
- 20180918: translate "Why numbering should start at zero" to Chinese.
- 20180918: [Why numbering should start at zero (English Version)](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/EWD/transcriptions/EWD08xx/EWD831.html).
- 20180909: [Productivity By Sam Altman (English Version)](http://blog.samaltman.com/productivity).
- 20180909: [The days are long but the decades are short (English Version)](https://blog.samaltman.com/the-days-are-long-but-the-decades-are-short).
- 20180905: [How to teach yourself hard things By Julia Evans (English Version)](https://jvns.ca/blog/2018/09/01/learning-skills-you-can-practice/).
